1. Member: a person who pays ChocAn a monthly fee. They have access to unlimited services and treatments from providers and other health care professionals, such as nutritionists.
2. Member number: a nine-digit number used to identify a member. This number is used to verify a member's status as well as for documentation.
3. Member card: a plastic card that contains a member's name and number. This information is encoded in a magnetic strip so that the card can be swiped.
4. Provider: Provides services to ChocAn members, operates the terminals, and is responsible for keeping up with data directly related to which services were provided and their costs. They also have access to the Provider Directory to search this information.
5. Provider number: a nine-digit number used to identify a provider. This number only needs to be entered when a terminal is turned on.
6. Provider terminal: the terminal that provider's access in order to validate members via member cards, search service codes, and document the services that were provided.
7. ChocAn Data Center: the data center that is responsible for storing the account information for members and providers, as well as the total amount of fees that should be paid out to providers. During the day, it is in interactive mode to allow operators to edit account information, and it generates different types of reports for members, providers, and managers.
8. Operators: are able to add, remove, or update the accounts of both members and providers when the Data Center is in interactive mode.
9. Provider Directory: a directory that contains service codes and fees for each respective service, and it can be accessed by the providers, who can also request the directory at will and receive it via email.
10. Service code: a six-digit code that is associated with services provided to member, is stored in the Provider Directory.
11. Electronic funds transfer data (EFT): data that includes the financial information for providers and the amount that they are to be billed, banking computers will process this data to make sure that each provider's bank account is successfully accredited.
12. Summary report: a report that contains information about number of providers to be paid, number of consultations they each provided, the total number of consultations provided overall, the total number of providers overall, and the overall amount each provider is to be paid as well as the total cost overall. This report is generated at midnight on Fridays and sent to managers, who can also request individual processing for specific providers.
13. Acme Accounting Services: a third-party organization that is responsible for processing the financial procedures for ChocAn including payments of membership fees, membership suspension, and membership reinstatement if a member has paid their overdue fees. The Acme computer updates the relevant Data Center membership records every day at 9 P.M.